hello it's Ruby and today I am finally
going to be sharing with you my night
routine during lockdown I've loved
spending so much time outside recently
so before dinner I will take a book
outside and I will sit there and just
read we have this bench swing on the
patio and it's really really rusty as
you can see but I just love the
antiquity of it and it is my favorite
place in the garden to sit and read and
at the moment I am rereading Jaina
[Music]
heimo attorney so after that I like to
play with the dogs for a little bit I
actually did into my uncle recently and
so I wasn't able to play with them for a
while but it really is starting to
recover now which is amazing
[Music]
so then on the topic behind calls I do
have some physio exercises which I need
to do a few times a day so here I am
doing my third and final set of video
exercises for the day then after that we
have dinner as a family so this
particular evening my dad cooked
he made this amazing mushroom pasta dish
and also some roasted vegetables to go
along with it and this particular
evening it was a Thursday which means of
course at 8 o'clock we will clap to the
NHS then after dinner I head up to my
room and I just like to do some admin so
I will apply to emails I might finish up
editing the YouTube video basically any
tasks that I still need to get done so
that they are completely off my mind and
I can relax ready for that at the same
time as doing this I always like to play
some classical music and I will also
light some candles because I just love
candles
[Music]
the amount of time I spend working on
admin really does vary from day to day
because obviously it just depends on how
many overflow tasks I've got so after
that I like to go through my planner and
I will just plan the things that I need
to do tomorrow either I will use one of
my study plans from company productivity
or I will just put them into momentum if
I go to have that many tasks then I also
like to spend some time writing a letter
because I do really like to write
letters to my friends so here I am
actually just adding on a little note to
include in a letter to my friend Andrea
which I was planning on sending the next
day
[Music]
and I will tidy my room before I go and
have a shower
before my shower of course I have to
take my contact lenses out
then I had a shower and I just put on
this cleanser from glossier and I go
downstairs and I like to make myself
some tea
so this evening I had this bedtime team
and I actually had this team when I went
over to Jade's last year and it is one
of my favorites to have before bed so in
the evening my mom and I have been
watching the BBC Mallory tower series it
is the best show I have watched since
I'm with Annie I love love the show so
so much so we have got one episode left
which is really really sad and I would
highly recommend it so after that I will
go upstairs and brush my teeth and at
the same time I like to just read
through the news so I go through the New
York Times on my iPad
[Music]
and then I will go and get into bed so I
like to turn on my fairy lights in the
evening I just think it makes my room
feel really cozy and then every evening
I like to do the mini New York Times
daily crossword they literally take one
minute but they're just quite fun to do
[Music]
some evenings I might also watch
something it depends on how late it is
and how tired I am so I'll either what
YouTube or I might watch Netflix or
recently Disney Plus and most likely to
sit and watch an episode of The Simpsons
I am a big fan of The Simpsons after
that I will read I love to finish every
single day with reading it helps me to
get sleep and I am a huge book club I
just enjoy reading say as I said I'm
reading Jane Eyre a moment then after I
read I will set my alarm and I use the
Apple ami which basically every morning
gives you a task you need to do in order
to turn the alarm off so it's a great
way to actually get you up after that I
will spray my pillow with some pillow
mist I like to put on this lip balm from
glossier it's the coconut one and it
smells amazing and also because
obviously we're washing our hands a lot
at the moment I put on this axe myrrh
hand cream and then I go to sleep so
thank you so much for watching this
night routine I hope that you enjoyed it
and I hope that you have a productive
[Music]